MUA 1 & 2/XML 1 & 2 PC Parsec Instructions By: Rampage#0841

--- SET UP PARSEC ---

1. Go to https://parsec.app/downloads and download Parsec, then create an account.

2. Add the other people you would like to play with on Parsec using their username.

3. The host of the game is the only person who needs the game installed. 
Everyone else does not need the game installed or have the same game files as the host.
All players (except the host) will then click the connect button on the host player in Parsec and then the host must accept all players to be connected.

4. All players should now connect their controllers or keyboards first (only 1 person can play with the keyboard, this has to be Player1 in-game).
If someone besides the host wants to play with a keyboard, then the host must go to the Parsec program and give that player keyboard control. This player MUST also be set to Player1 in-game.
The host will then start the game.

5. Once a controller is connected, the host can then go to options, and controls and then enable each player's controller or keyboard.
Once the controller or keyboard is assigned to players 2, 3, or 4, the host can then go to the player's tab and enable each player for local coop or arcade mode.

6. After players are connected, either the host or each player individually can then go to the controls tab and configure each of their button/key bindings for their controller or keyboard.

--- IMPORTANT NOTES ---

1. Unfortunately, the original PC ports of Ultimate Alliance 1 and 2 have crappy controller support. 
To counter this, you could use the latest version of the Ultimate Controller Support mod found at https://marvelmods.com/forum/index.php/topic,11191.msg202421.html#msg202421
Remember that if you are playing coop or arcade mode using Parsec then only the host will need the controller fixes installed since all other players rely on the host's game files.

2. Having a decent wired internet connection (avoid wireless if possible) and PC specs are the most important factors in making the game work right for everyone. As a host, if players in your game are experiencing lag, ghosting, or latency issues inside of Parsec while playing the game then it is best to first try turning off Advanced Lighting.
If that doesn't work, then you can lower the in-game resolution. For players using a laptop running Parsec, I have found that the host should reduce the resolution in the in-game video settings to either 720p or 480p.
If none of that works, try closing and exiting programs on your PC & the other connected player's PCs that could be taking up a lot of power/resources such as Google Chrome, Antivirus, Microsoft Edge, Steam, Discord, Etc...
It's also not a good idea to be downloading or uploading anything on your PC while playing together on Parsec since the quality of Parsec heavily relies on internet usage and speed.


--- WHAT IS COOP/ARCADE MODE ---

1. Coop mode - There is always a team of four, with the computer controlling any characters not controlled by players.
If a character dies, they must be brought back at a SHIELD access point, and only after five minutes

2. Arcade mode - There are no computer-controlled characters in Arcade; there are as many characters on the team as there are players.
If a character dies, they can come back to full health after 15 seconds.
At the end of a stage, players are graded on their performance, with the best player being rewarded with extra credits and experience.

--- MUA 1 Parsec Gameplay Video ---

https://youtu.be/5If4_l-kDYA